Remove "simple" part 6: javascript (#36777)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/using_promises/index.md

  });
```

> Even better, you can flatten the nested chain into a single chain, which many find simpler and makes error handling easier. The details are discussed in the [Nesting](#nesting) section below.

Reviewer: "Simple" not as in "simple to do" but "fewer characters and constructs" and that's an objective metric, so we should keep the previous wording.

> Even better, you can flatten the nested chain into a single chain, which many find simpler and makes error handling easier. The details are discussed in the [Nesting](#nesting) section below.

Author: ```suggestion
Even better, you can flatten the nested chain into a single chain, which is simpler and makes error handling easier. The details are discussed in the [Nesting](#nesting) section below.
```
